Thank you very much. Happy New Year. And this year begins the very New Years. The Water Tiger Years
.
I wish you all the best, good health, joy, peace, a lot of realizations, and fulfillment in
everything.
And then I wish peace in the world, and harmony in the world, and really this year,
and normal natural disasters, and difficult troubles, and disease, all that will be dispelled
by the blessing of the Buddha, Dharma, Sangha, and Gurdwai Masambhavaya, and Tara. I pray for this.
This year, or the end of this year, has become the very challenged years, many different levels.
In the spiritual world, many greater beings die and tell Mahapari Nivalas. And as well as in
the samsara world level, there is a lot of disturbance going on right now. So we all wish,
wish, are peace, happy, and respect, and appreciate every living being, and each other's. And that
started from our heart, not from outside. So that's what the great teacher, Buddha Shatyamuni,
and Gurdwai Masambhavaya said that. So therefore, we began that really peaceful, more digital
solution in our heart, and wish that good things to all living beings, to pray well to everywhere,
where, and coming this world, for following, and for coming this world, as a golden egg. Really
wish
that prayer, okay. Trashy Delhi, best wishes, and then again, I'm going to do short prayer,
and which is taught by the great master, His Holiness, Dhanjiro Moochai, Jai Gracchidodya,
and that I'm going to pray in a little bit.
Thank you, Shaty Delhi. Happy New Year, thank you.